RDS
------
Amazon RDS can automatically back up your database.
Flexibility of being able to easily scale the compute resources or storage capacity 
Amazon RDS makes it easy to use replication to enhance 
	database availability, 
	improve data durability, 
	scale beyond the capacity constraints of a single database instance for read-heavy database workloads.
With optional Multi-AZ deployments, Amazon RDS also manages 
	synchronous data replication across Availability Zones with automatic failover.
Amazon CloudWatch “Replica Lag” metric.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1) Multi -AZ
	Amazon RDS automatically provisions and maintains a synchronous “standby” replica in a different Availability Zone.
	With Multi-AZ deployments, replication is transparent: you do not interact directly with the standby, and it cannot be used to serve read traffic. 
	The “source” Multi AZ-DB instance provides you with enhanced write availability and data durability, and the associated read replica would improve read traffic scalability.

2)Read replica:
	Amazon RDS supports cross-region read replicas. 
	asynchronous replication

3) Security:
	DB Subnet Group.

4)Snapshots and Backup
	automatic: 7-35 days
	Mannual :
	When you perform a restore operation to a point in time or from a DB Snapshot, a new DB Instance is created with a new endpoint 
	backup window :  There is no I/O suspension for Multi-AZ DB deployments, since the backup is taken from the standby.
	Automated backups are deleted when the DB instance is deleted. Only manually created DB Snapshots are retained after the DB Instance is deleted.


Aurora
-----------
Amazon Aurora automatically maintains 6 copies of your data across 3 Availability Zones and will automatically attempt to recover your database in a healthy AZ with no data loss.
Amazon Aurora Global Database is a feature that allows a single Amazon Aurora database to span multiple AWS regions.
Parallel Query can be enabled and disabled dynamically at both the global and session level using the aurora_pq parameter.